BYOVPC for AWS (#12)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/whats-new-cloud.adoc

This page lists new features added in Redpanda Cloud.

== August 2024

=== Customer-managed VPC on AWS

> With standard BYOC clusters, Redpanda manages security policies and resources for your VPC, including subnetworks, service accounts, IAM roles, firewall rules, and storage buckets. For the most security, you can manage these resources yourself with a customer-managed VPC. Repdanda now provides a xref:get-started:cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-aws.adoc[customer-managed VPC on AWS] offering, in addition to xref:get-started:cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-gcp.adoc[customer-managed VPC on GCP].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With standard BYOC clusters, Redpanda manages security policies and resources for your VPC, including subnetworks, service accounts, IAM roles, firewall rules, and storage buckets. For the highest level of security, you can manage these resources yourself with a customer-managed VPC. Repdanda now provides a xref:get-started:cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-aws.adoc[customer-managed VPC on AWS] offering, in addition to xref:get-started:cluster-types/byoc/vpc-byo-gcp.adoc[customer-managed VPC on GCP].
```
